Meeting Title: Signals platform development for Thatcher's hospitality insights
Date: Jan 13

Transcript:
 
Them: That all together and look at some jobs to be done, and you guys can kind of ask some questions off the back of that to see how we can shape these disproportionate sets of data in unique ways. I think is where my head is at. But now the proofs in the pudding here as we start smashing these things in there, if the response from our chats are fairly benial, then that's where I'm going to get nervous, because we'll probably have to juice it a little bit with something that makes it more interesting. And so we haven't quite got to that part yet. But I think, correct me if I'm wrong, Sunil, within the realm of plausibility, that's what the tool should do reasonably well. The only unknown right now is the little stories they wrote enough to jar it to come up with something interesting and that's the tbd.  
Me: Well. This is where I was thinking. The source documents is really vital because essentially what you can do is you could say, what are the trends that are coming up in Hospitality in 2026? Now cross correlate those trends into these perspectives that we've got from these interviews. And help us to understand how to achieve. Similar levels of positive outcomes within the hospitality trends. Using these user perspectives as a sort of context to achieve those. And then I imagine the outcome, essentially we're looking for is that you could take that then to a hotel or to a booking website, or to some other sort of profit seeking enterprise to integrate into their roadmap of how to be successful in 2026and onwards.  
Them: Sorry. I forgot there's one other little piece of data here. That we have. So we've got 10 fairly long, chunky interviews. With folks who were talking about what were memorable experiences in hotels. And we've got that in. We've got the transcripts from that, we've got the Tool co loop for that. So there's some stuff that we can do there as another repository. So we can have trends data, we can have the 10 long form interviews, which is like an hour of conversation, and then we can have the little nuggets that our Thatcher's friends have put. And then to your point, Sunil, we can tell the LLM to sort of strengthen the pool around the Thatcher's folks, so a little bit of their essence comes out. A little bit. But it'll probably be a better. It'll be underpinned, at least with some of the more deeper qualitative research that we did with those 10 other folks that were an hour long conversation, right?  
Me: Yeah. I think one of the valuable things here that we'll get is within when we get an output in signals. We'll be able to see the references. So it will correlate back to the sources and sort of say, well, this is the perspective from Lee which we've used here to come up with this outcome or with this finding. And I think that in and of itself, I think is really valuable.  
Them: Right. Yeah. So we can even call out Izzy. Izzy, you were sort of talking about this. And that plays nicely with this trend. And this and this and this. And so we can sort of make Izzy feel good about stood in line, watching, waiting for her turn.  
Me: That's.  
Them: About whatever the story she's starting to tell about makes sense. Simon, does that make sense? Or have you gone by Amazon? Simon, Hello?  
Me: Yeah, we got.  
Them: Next to Amazon. Give me. Five. I'm going to put my foot to the floor. No worries. Man. You're in the blackout zone.  
Me: Okay. Yeah. So, Chad, where I've got to in my thread at the moment, let me just sort of give you a quick update on that. I've sort of putting those two documents that are sent you and requested some improvement. Improvements to the prompt. So that we can achieve what the things that we essentially extracting the highest quality of inference from the source inputs.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: And so I've now got a set of changes to make to each of those prompts. So those default prompts, I'll add in the one that Simon provided, and then I can turn that into a phase of work. And crack on with that. And do one release with that. Integrated, because I think some of the prompts, the default prompts are in there. They are very basic, and I think they certainly don't seem to do a decent job at the node that they are in. I think they're not segregated well enough.  
Them: Yeah. Y.  
Me: So I can do that and then include with that. Some changes that qualify what should go into the user prompt so that that's clear in the interface as well.  
Them: Eah. Okay?  
Me: Yeah. If that sounds good, I can get cracking with that.  
Them: Let's go for it. I think so.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Sorry. Sunil. Hello? I think I'm kind of back. I think.  
Me: Okay, we can hear you.  
Them: All right. So in terms of the key. With this group, we're going to have to be really clear because they're coming from all different, kind of, as I've said, levels and functions. And one of them is kind of warehouse supervisor, one of them is the pump manager, one of. So we've got a real missed bag. So whenever we explain stuff, and I take kind of James's point in terms of not dumbing down our language, but when we explain stuff, We do need to kind of take them through it quite slowly. So I think there is something about, I think we can say. This is early stage stuff. This is in development. But we think the value of this technology is ABC and D. If we can have a connection between the different types of. Source and data material. So those interviews, the big trends, data, their own memories, and then the concierge and then somebody from marketing or whatever else. The concierge would be analogous to the pub. Right, so hear me out. So hear me out. So you were mentioning that you're going to have people from the warehouse and you're going to have some people from the pub and some other folks. And this is what I think is interesting about Signals is those people. Now have a seat at the table. So they can bring in their expertise and their knowledge. And their challenges, frankly, and constrictions and things that they have to navigate. They can bring that content into the conversation as its own knowledge base. So let's say we weren't doing a hotel thing, and we were just doing Thatcher's thing, and we might have some trends research on alcohol products. We might have a bunch of conversations with some customers that we've done with this particular marketing research firm, and then we may have a spot in there. From the manager of the pub, who is dropping in some information they have about the operation of the pub. And some insights they have in terms of what people are buying and what the sort of topics are. And then we may have the warehouse manager talking about, well, I can only fit X number of bottles on the track to fill and whatever it may be. But you could see a world where that's what signals does well, is integrates these different business units, leadership, with the perspective, context, insights and challenges that they may have, and integrates that into the larger, broader conversation about how they then plot a future forward. Given those particular scenarios, does that make sense? It does. Yes. Perfect. So then my example could be and we'll have to fake this synthetic data, but my example could be for. The hotel's example that we're showing you here, guys, we've got some industry trends. So these are written by top level agencies that are looking at the economics and where money's flowing and why hotels need to focus on these particular concepts. We also have some deep interviews with people who are heavy travelers. And we've got 10 of those particular interviews. Your insights. And so we're pretending like you guys are part of that research aspect. And there's some information we have in there. But we also have a really interesting piece from the concierge at three of these hotel chains. And we also have something from the head of marketing in terms of how their brand perception is and where they want to be positioned in the market. And those are all part and parcel of a set of knowledge that this organization wants to sort of wrangle and understand. And we're pushing that through this particular lens, which in this instance is the jobs to be done. And here's how the outcome is, and it starts to shape some stuff along these lines. So we can make up the concierge thing. Actually, funny enough, I've got one interview that actually is along the lines of that concierge, so that isn't too hard to make up. And then we can sort of make up a little bit of the brand, the marketing group and what their aspirations is. From a particular Acme Hotel brand.  
Me: Yeah, I think that's one of the other things. Chad and Simon, I think we probably want to sort of have some identity for the client that we're servicing.  
Them: Exactly. Yeah. We're going to have to call it Acme, because we can't say it's Virgin Hotels, but we'll just say Acme Hotels.  
Me: No, of course, yeah. No. Whatever it is, yeah, let's just sort of identify it, name it, and then give it some sort of. Some sort of visible kind of identity.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. We can do that. We can. We can. We'll just. Yeah, we'll just do Acme Hotels, a lifestyle brand.  
Me: Yeah. Perfect.  
Them: Okay, so sorry. Just real quick. I'm babbling a little bit and I can't see your face there, Simon. So you were either scrunching your eyebrows like, what the fuck is he talking about? Or you're nodding violently. The latter. The latter. I'm not even violently. That makes all perfect. That makes perfect sense. And I'm just formulating this guy, so bear with me a little bit. Here. We're easy, brother. One of the things about the memory writing exercise. That I use in terms of my teaching. Is. How do we know? Which story? Is the most valid. How do we know what is good quality data? And what deserves to be on the cutting room floor. How do we know what's going to give us that really crucial insight versus the kind of the background noise that could be just a diversion? And I think there's something about that kind of idea of if you think about what signals gives us, it gives us multiple voices, multiple data points, multiple different types of data that we can therefore synthesize and therefore make patterns from. And it allows us to do that very effectively, also perhaps allows us to do it. Live. It allows other people to see what other people are doing. In terms of sense making, I think there's probably a story that. Well, there is clearly a story that we can pull together there. I guess the bit. That would help me is to ensure that. The story that James tells in terms of this is the value that hidden bring. It in that this is the value of qualitative and data from different sources. Do you see where I'm coming from? I think so. As I understand that. Let me just repeat it back to see if I understand it. So as I understand it, where James wants to position Hidden is if an organization is trying to get clarity internally about where they want to move. As an organization, Hidden is incredibly good about coming in, getting people aligned around sort of a North Star vision and setting up a clear strategy and where they want to move. Where that then switches is that. In the process of working that through, we're now using some of these new tools. And these new tools are allowing us to do that in ways that expedite that and make that much more fast, much more democratized, and much more collaborative. So instead of the ivory white tower of an agency coming in and saying, here's your guys strategy, it's on a 400 page deck. It's hey, here's some tools that allow each of us to contribute to the overall direction of the conversation. And, of course, whatever the guy's name, Mr. Thatcher is going to make some end calls on this, but we can all work together to come to a place where we feel like there's been value and. Contribution from multiple different departments that help get us all to a better place. And maybe, and I agree with everything you've said there, and that was really useful, maybe it's as simple as that kind of not invented here analogy of when you've got like, you know, if we take the example of a piece of products innovation, if it was invented in the. By the brand team. To what extent? Could it be made stronger if it's circulated amongst the organization? Whether. Because, you know, we know that there's wonderful bits of insight and knowledge and understanding and know how that's distributed across that organization. And what this tool allows is for those different insights to be shared publicly and brought together and kind of work. Through or reflected upon. Does that make sense? Yep. Is that what we try to do? That's exactly Other parts of the organization now effectively have a seat at the table. And as we're beginning to plot that broader strategy as a company or as an organization, your unique insight, given the particular area and deep context you have, is now better represented than it just kind of coming up in isolation in one particular aspect or part of the business making some broad assumptions about the other part of the business. So is there something here? And this is Sunil. Chad, go easy on me. Is there something about the audience, the 13 people in the audience, seeing something of their own, seeing their own memory or seeing their own story? Within whatever the output is that we churn. And just to say to them, How does that make you feel? What's it feel like to have something kind of a trends document that really doesn't make sense or doesn't connect with you? Versus something that you've got some kind of skin in the game, something that you've been part of creating. So can we use those memories as a demonstration for them of how emotionally they feel when they see something that they've had some kind of input into or some kind of role in creating? Yes. Now, it's interesting because we've sort of set up this. False scenario. So we'll have to massage how that comes out, but that's effectively really what we're trying to do. And that's why I'm a little bit nervous that what they gave us is kind of smallish. So we're going to have to tune our signals to basically over. Index on these stories a bit so that we can make sure that Izzy's story comes up or Paul's story comes up a little bit, and then hopefully they'll see from that you're participating in this now. We did it in this sort of abstract manner of you kind of regaling a memory. And so we're sort of treating you almost as a consumer or a customer of this Acme Hotel product. But you can easily see that if you're, I don't know, Izzy on the shoproom floor or Paul running the pub, or whoever runs. However, your contribution will be brought into this system in a way that can actually move the conversation forward really effectively.  
Me: This is a perfect candidate for the user prompt. So we can specify in the user prompt.  
Them: To weight these memories more.  
Me: Yes, exactly, precisely. That's a really good example of what those user prompts are very effective at doing.  
Them: Yeah. So, Simon, what Sunil's saying is each of our little nodes in this sort of infinite canvas, you have some tweakability in those nodes. There's kind of a system prompt of what that node's supposed to be, what its rules are and what its kind of role is. But you can add in some additional knowledge into that. That we can then tweak to say, okay, in the set of knowledge bases that we have, we're gonna weight these memory stories a little bit more than other things, such that some of the insights are derived through that a bit more. Yeah, got it. A little bit, so I think I've got it. Basically, we can use signals. No worries. Basically, we can use signals to sort of dial up those little memory stories to make sure it comes out in the wash in terms of what spits out at the end. Will hopefully feel a little bit familiar. And we can tell them that. We can tell them what you did traditionally probably wasn't enough content and context that we need, but we dialed it up a little bit, so hopefully you're seeing that your contributions are coming through. Chad, you're very honest. Do we really have to be that transparent? Can't we kiss? Go. Oh, my God. Oh, my God, look. Fair enough. Yeah. All right. You guys were so insightful from those little stories that you told. We know that you're obsessed by the carpet. We know you're obsessed by smell. Okay? So, look, guys. I owe it to you. To add something here in terms of what I can do. So would it be useful for me to go through the different. The memory stories? And just tease out what I think is interesting amongst them. Would that be helpful? You could, but literally, I've already done that synthesis right now. So right now it's a familiarity and routine. So positive signals familiarity in routine, like remembered lattes or known brand sensory comfort such as a warm bread or clean linens or cool airs or inviting scents, visible care quick from service recoveries and thoughtful staging of rooms and meals place based identity and expression through decor, staff and attire and the landscape negative signals, safety and maintenance issues including alarms, malfunctioning equipment or hygiene mismatch between expectations and reality, especially for first room entry confusion during the stress moments such as late night incidents or unclear procedures and then the emotional outcomes were calm and restoration when care is consistent, awe and excitement when the experience feels unique and surprising, embarrassment or distrust when operations fail and the room feels neglected. So that's just a quick little summary that was easy to do from the little stories that they had, which is probably, I don't know, is that there and thereabouts where you were expecting. Yeah, that's perfect. And I guess what that gives us is it could demonstrate kind of speed as well, in terms of how you threw these in on Tuesday. And this is what we've got kind of straight away. I guess that one of the things for me. From an outsider's perspective is how is signals adding value beyond GPT. Yeah. So we need to be clear in terms of what our value proposition is. There. Yeah. So let me try to articulate that and let me see if that registers. So with Chat gbt, it's a bit of a one in, one out. I can pass it this MD file and ask it to synthesize it. Sure. But it's harder for me. Well, it's a little bit. Trickier to pass in the trend stuff as well as this as well as that, then put that through a specific lens of jobs to be done and then get something out the back where I'm wrestling with it. So the ability to connect a number of these knowledge bases and then have. Frankly, I did lose you. So could you start again, please? I'm sorry. No, it's all right. So ChatGPT is a little bit. One input in and one input out, right? It's a little bit of a mono thread, and to some extent, yes, I can chuck a bunch of stuff in there, but it can lose its way if you're throwing too much stuff at it without the appropriate guide rails to help understand how it's chunking up those sets of data. So what signals does is it groups these different sets of data and then specifically how we daisy chain them together. Is an additional layer of context that ChatGPT doesn't have. So the fact that we can take the trend reports, the user stories, the actual deep dive qualitative hour long interviews, and maybe a concierge sort of statement and a marketing lady sort of statement and funnel those through the lens of job.  
Me: Oh, he's gone.  
Them: We lost it.  
Me: No worries. I think we should actually luke Simon in back in later on when we've got something to show him and just sort of use him as a test bed to sort of see what we've done and give us exactly.  
Them: Yeah, that's kind of where I'm at. To. Yeah. Yeah. Is this awe inspiring or not? Yeah, exactly. Does this look cool or not exactly.  
Me: Yeah. So he can be our test client, essentially.  
Them: Okay, I put in some other documents. Pierce, we'll jump back on slack in a second, but so do another poll. I basically grabbed his memory and meaning the MD file and the PDF in there. I put that under exercise, and then I did the simple little synthesis here. Understory synthesis.  
Me: All right. Cool. Man. Okay?  
Them: So we have those kind of in.  
Me: Doesn't look like you pushed it, though.  
Them: Sorry, My bad. I committed, but did not push. Push, please. Okay? My bad. It should be pushed to master. So, what do you think? I think I guess we can do it a little bit later, but two things. First off, I think we're probably gonna have to rope in the 10 interviews that we had from Virgin Hotels. So I'm wondering, is it best to just grab. The transcript from those, and then we can just have transcripts from each of them. I think that's probably what I'm gonna do. Data. How. Can I get. Transcripts. Of these guys. Oh. There we go. That's how I get plan scripts. That was fast. That sucks. Sends them in Word Doc formats. Using word doc.  
Me: It's fine, though. It is easily understood.  
Them: Okay, Keep them as that.  
Me: It is a standard.  
Them: Then.  
Me: It's fine. Yeah, you can change into md, but word can work. We're scrapping around. It's fine if it's a pain to change.  
Them: Okay. I suspect I could just point our little friend instead. Turn these into MD Files. That should work out. Relative.  
Me: Hello.  
Them: Hey, bud. Where? Last year. Sorry about that. I know.  
Me: No worries.  
Them: Obviously gone the wrong way around. Amazon again. Or I don't know. Something happened. Yeah. So you were explaining the difference between signals, which chat? GPT. I don't know whether you want to go through that a third time or whether your patience is at its limit. Now. Infinite amount of patience for you, Simon. Patients. Here's my thought. Chatgpt is a little bit monolithic, right? It's sort of like a one thing and a one thing out, and if you're throwing a bunch of stuff at it, it can get a little bit confused. Unless you've contained it and put the guardrails around the different sets of information you're using to do that with. So it's actually kind of interesting. It's partly why these CLIs are getting really popular, is because the CLIs have sort of the power of the LLM, but they're leveraging the folder structure. And so you're dropping at my customer interviews, at my synthesized memory stories at my whatever into these CLIs. And then it's using that with a bit more context to group that and make some smarter decisions. But the general broader population of how they're using LLMs is much more of a linear I put a thing in and it spits me out another thing. So where signals is strong is the fact that we quarantine sets of data. We put context around that, and then specifically, the way we daisy chain those bits of data. Help give additional context on how the OLM is going to process that data. It makes that an easy way to visualize. Okay, so I'm taking trend information, and I'm taking customer interviews, and I'm taking memories, and I'm taking concierge and our brand marketing ladies information. I'm running that through a jobs to be done lens or maybe just even a simple synthesizing lens and then running that through a jobs to be done lens and then at the output, I can then wrestle with a group of people on questioning that, asking a question, theorizing that, okay, you've got these 12 jobs to be done. Let's do that with this perspective. The chatgpts of the world don't have that ability right now. Perfect. Can you still hear me? Yep. Let me just play it back to you. There's something really interesting about this idea of containment. I like that. The other thing is in terms of there's something about sharing as well. So it's a community resource, it's an organizational resource. It's something that everyone can see. As opposed to GPT being maybe an individual thing, you have your own GPT screen. This is a shared organizational layer. I guess the third dimension would be in terms of time as well. To what extent does it have kind of long conversations and short conversations as well? So over time, can stories, ideas, threads also be developed as well? I don't know whether I've got any of that right. But they were the things that I thought were kind of quite interesting. This containment, this sharing, and also that temporal longevity. One thing I'd add to the containment one, and this one's kind of important, and it's sort of like it's why Weevy is really interesting, or it's why Flora is really interesting. The way you daisy chain the groups of nodes has a significant impact on what the output of eventually is. Does that make sense? So connecting a particular node from this to a particular lens. To, then connecting it to another. I don't know. Knowledge base to. Then the synthesizer would get a different output if I connected those pieces in different ways. That's pretty important. So it's not just about it's containment of data and clarifying what that data is and giving context on how you interpret and understand that data. But then literally the string I take from that data to the next node is in and of itself a massive amount of context, because you're saying, okay, now with this data, go through this processing and reevaluate things with that, and then go to your next stop and then your next stop. And those things in a process, spit out something else that goes, oh, okay, I have a path of which I'm navigating and making decisions from. And that path, in and of itself has value in context. So is there something here, Chad, about the different people? Interpreting data differently, interpreting the same data differently and kind of holding those different stories. Is there something there? So I look at a whole set of data from different sources and I make an interpretation. You look at it, you make an interpretation. Someone else an interpretation. Rather than that kind of. That kind of constant kind of screening and funneling and filtering. Rather, it allows you to hold that original richness. And then it's a case of different people talking about their different interpretations. Of the same data. Is there something valuable in that or. Have I got it wrong? I think. I don't know. I'd be curious on your thoughts. Sunil, I think in this instance, you almost remove people's personal interpretations of a thing. Because the system in itself will take the data, it will synthesize it through the rules of which the group have defined are of value. So the group will then set out what those rules are, or what the frameworks we want to push this data through, or what the regulatory constraints are imperative. And therefore you kind of put some guardrails and some guidelines around it so that it's a little less. Well, this is my interpretation. Because you're now funneling it through a more collaborative conversation where everybody had to pre agree on what the rules of the game are. And then once you rinse the data through that set, it's spit out. Spits it out in a way that is no longer open, it's no longer individually open. For interpretation because it is what it is. This is what people said. And we said, we're going to look at it through this lens and here's what it spits out. And so we can agree or disagree with that as a group, but there's less. Well, Sally sees it this way and John sees it that way.  
Me: I think there's something really interesting here about cognitive biases.  
Them: Got it.  
Me: And. How something that didn't stem from yourself is an idea that you will have some resistance to something that someone else comes up with. If you had come up with that thing, then you would support it more. And there's something interesting. That using a system like this, it can allow you to still feel. Do we lose Simon? Maybe we lost him.  
Them: Now as you.  
Me: He's buffering.  
Them: Know.  
Me: Still buffering Simon. Here. I'm getting some momentum here. Sorry, Chad. I was sort of tuning in and out of the conversation because I started doing some changes. And it's looking good. It's looking great already.  
Them: Co. Ol? Okay? I just also did another check in and all the customer interviews are in there in the word docs. I think we do need to modify those files a little bit. What I'm going to do is I'm going to ask either Claud or Codex to go through and replace any place that it sees the word virgin with acne. And just sort of wash it so we don't have emerging cubs spitting out someplace.  
Me: I mean, yeah. You could just do a find and replace with that. You don't need the agent.  
Them: Why do you got to be all technical on me? We could, but the agent might do it.  
Me: Don't waste your credits. Chad, don't waste your credits.  
Them: But if the agent do it in a context related way. So if virgin was talking about I lost my virginity or whatever, it would know that difference.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Hopefully. You'd think.  
Me: Let's. Have a look. Virgin. Well, it seems the word virgin is only used once in one file. And is not in reference to the brand. It is in reference to. A doc reference.  
Them: Virgin olive oil.  
Me: Sweetness and is a book or an article. Sweetness of power, the place of sugar in modern history. Virginia penguin.  
Them: Really? That was in the.  
Me: It is worth.  
Them: Customer interviews. Who was that interview?  
Me: This is in lupton oating exercise between the exercise folder.  
Them: Oh, you don't want that. No. So do a nut. Sorry. Do another pull. My bad.  
Me: I've got the latest.  
Them: Do a poll. You should have. Do you have a customer? So you should have a customer interviews folder.  
Me: Yeah, there's nothing in any of them.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: There's no virgin in any of them.  
Them: There's no version in any of them. No, there has to be, because we explicitly said, well, we're working with Virgin and.  
Me: No.  
Them: That's interesting.  
Me: It's because they're docket docx. Right? Yeah. So they will need to be converted because you can't do a find and replace within those files.  
Them: Okay? So I'll convert them into md.  
Me: All right. Look, can you give me half an hour so I can just plow through this little set that I've got here, and then we can do another. We can do a pass. And in the meantime, do you want to set up?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: What did you think about that? Reverse engineering the whole thing. And starting from this is the platform.  
Them: Yeah, I think.  
Me: We're talking to this company called Thatcher's. We want to impress them and have them come on board as.  
Them: As a foundation client for Signals.  
Me: Foundation client. Paying foundation client.  
Them: Yeah, maybe. Ideally, it'd be great if they at least paid server fees. Server costs, but for, we could probably do a lifetime. Guarantee deal on whatever it is. If we grabbed one or two of these clients and got them to do, like, a lifetime deal. Or something along those lines. That could be handy.  
Me: Grand grandfather option.  
Them: Yeah. I mean, kind of like that thing you sent me. Basically, go and find enough people to do. If we can raise X amount of people for a lifetime license, then that gives us a year to run. And then we can build off the back of that until we cross the threshold of profitable.  
Me: Yeah, sounds good. Simon's back. Simon, can you hear us?  
Them: The legend. Simon has to apologize again. Sorry. I've just entered. I've just entered into Wales. And my signal dies when I go into Wales as well. I forgot to tell you about that one.  
Me: You know what?  
Them: But I'm going to head back. To england.  
Me: You definitely don't need to apologize about telecommunications blackouts.  
Them: Soon. Now I know how frustrating it is.  
Me: All good. We're familiar with it. We're very familiar.  
Them: You're super kind. Thanks, guys. Just to thoughts that I had while I was driving into Wales. One was. I'm just throwing things out here. So you guys just say it's crap or edit it? Or ignore it or move on. One thing we could do. In terms of these memories. Is to. I could print them off and have them in the room. And they could be value in just putting them on the wall. And just allowing the rest of the guys to read one another's because, of course, they wouldn't have read one another. 's. And they could be value in that in terms of what are the themes that you see within it, or something along those lines. Or let's do the kind of the synthesis now. Or the only problem, of course, is that's going to take an inordinate amount of time and some are going to be more engaged. Now there's blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But just a thought. The other thought that I had was to what extent. We say to them, okay? So. This is a really early kind of prototype or whatever. This is our thing that we're working on. How can you guys help us to make it stronger? So what would you do, in some respects, to run it? As a kind of a bit of a brainstorm in terms of how do you see it fitting in with your organization or whatever? The reason that part of the reason that I'd like to open it up to them. Is in a positive way is for them not to sit there and go, well, this would never work with factors because of or. I've seen this before and we tried this. And then we'd kind of leave in it on a kind of a bit of a damp point. I'm just thinking about. It's always really important. To crack the ending, to crack the final thing that they touch and see. And I guess I just wonder whether there's something that we can get them to do there, as opposed to just disappearing off into the ether. So when you jump back on. Sunil and I were talking about this exact thing, we're saying that.  
Me: So what? Synchronized? It's a good thing, Simon.  
Them: Yeah, exactly. I'm thinking we want to frame it such that we would love them to be a foundation client to help evolve this tool, and we would like to work with them and Thatchers as an organization to help improve this tool and make it work in a real case scenario that they're in. And then if they do throw out? Well, it wouldn't work for here. They'd be like, well, this is partly why it'd be fascinating to work with you and explore that, because I'm sure we could work through any of the challenges that you've determined or think there may be. My knowing factors if we were to be that kind of straight with them. They would all look at Martin and go, well, what do you think? Certainly, I don't think a warehouse guy will feel that his role, or I don't think he'll feel as though he's got the agency to make that call. Do you know what I mean? And so it could be. Yeah, I agree. Be kind of a bit of a pressurized moment for the person who has to quite calmly say, well, we don't know how much this is going to cost. We don't know how confidential it is. We don't know all this. Kind of thing. So that's why I just think that if we could give them a kind of. Some kind of exercise where they go. How would this help you? In the work that you do. Do it better or how would this help? So I think we need to think of a question that everyone can have something to contribute to. Do you know what I mean? Rather than a decision making. And then I think after, once we've had this workshop, Hopefully bits of it will stick. And we say, hey, we had a really good feedback of it. What about us coming in and doing a little bit more with you guys on it? Just that slowly, slowly catchy monkey. Thing. Yeah, I'm open to take your steer because you know him as well as you do. As an articulated from the beginning of this conversation, sometimes I'm just a little too honest. So I'm like, hey, let's just work together and do this thing. So however you want to play that out, we got to be cognizant of time. And I'm also weary that we're doing a very fabricated demo. And so for them to then go, well, that wouldn't work for X, Y and Z. And us sit there and try to say, well, actually, given the demo, we can do this, and we could do that. I don't want it to be combative in terms of like, you can't do this. Yes, we can. But I like where you're going with. Are there challenges you run in your department that thinking about this in a different way would be helpful, and we'd love to hear from a couple of you in terms of what those are and how something like this might be at Ableton to enable you to operate quicker. And make smarter decisions. That could be interesting. I want to figure out a way to frame it in a way that is positive, because it could just snowball into a weird like, here's 50 reasons why it wouldn't work in our organization. Yeah, no, exactly. Exactly. But I think that we're in the right space, so it could be a case of can you think about how this would how this kind of technology might help you in the work that you do? How might this kind of technology help the teams that you're part of? How might this technology help the factors organization itself. So is there a way of structuring it? You could do it in terms of individual teams, organization. You could do it in terms of function. How can it help? More innovative. Have a quick one because this is a tricky one. So that classic. The old Ford. Asked what they want and they'll say, more horses. When I made the switch, In some of the product development stuff I'm doing to move into this new world of clis and playing with LLMs the way I'm playing with them. If you were to ask me, if you would ask me six months ago, how could I use these things to do at my job better? Because I hadn't seen the magic, I wouldn't have given you a very good answer. I think what's more interesting is how can we unpack what some of those challenges each of their parts of their organizations are running into? Where do communications fall down? Where is strategic directions hard to align with because those strategic directions didn't maybe take your department's constraints into account? Whereas where can we sort of tease out where traditional pieces of friction lie and get some really interesting stories to that that we then could take back in as fodder to say, well, that's great. Thank you for that. This tool really helps alleviate some of those things in really interesting ways, because we start capturing some of those things from a warehouse up front, or you've got. As we just said, it's not necessarily open to interpretation because you've all defined a set of frameworks you want to represent and validate data around. Or, Bubba, we could then reflect back, given some of the things that are holding them back, or maybe not making them move as fast as they want to. How this tool could help enable that in a way, and we don't even have to play it out there. We can just say this helps us build a better tool. And we would love to have further conversations down the road with you if that's something you're interested. In. Yeah, I think that for me works really well. I don't know where you think, Sunil, the thing that. I like about that is that it brings it like what we're asking them for. Not what they need it to do. Correct. But what are the challenges that they are having anyway? Correct. Then it's a case of us then taking those challenges and seeing if we can kind of be our technology. So they're giving us a hand there. I think that probably to do that, we'd have to say something along the lines of we think that this piece of technology helps with. A cross. Functional communication. We think this piece of technology helps with B. Synthesizing big bits of data. Remember that? And then it would be a case of. Okay, so we think it works in these three different places. Do you have any kind of stories that you're happy to share with us that speak of those that we can then take away and kind of talk to test or proof? Test? Or develop. This model to help solve those, that kind of thing. There must be somewhere. I think you probably said it a lot more eloquently than I did actually there thinking about it, so I'll stop. Yeah. I mean, I'm with you. I think the key is. I think the key is to make sure that we give them a couple of really key prompts in terms of what we think it offers. For them then to talk about quite specific. Challenges that they've had. That relate to the particular product benefit that we think it has. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, I do. One thing again, one thing I'd want to do on that was I'd want to be careful how much we put constraints about what our tool quote unquote fixes. Because they may say something in there that's really insightful, but they think, oh, given what they just said about what their tool does. They would never do this. So I think in a way, we just say we're aiming to build this tool to help democratize these insights, pull people to the table, and make their organization move faster. We'd love to go by a couple of your different areas, Mr. Warehouse person, Mr. Pub person. And we'd love to understand a couple of the really interesting challenges you as a part of an organization trying to move in that direction of where the group strategically wants you to move and that who knows what will come off the back of that. I really buy into the strategy of blah, blah, blah, blah, but the reality is my warehouse belt could only crank out 300,000 bottles of whatever in spring. And we're like, oh, okay. Well, that's interesting. Who knows what they might come up with, right? Somehow, if we can try to tease out where their group is, running into any type of friction to move in. More of a cohesive. Aligned matter as a pure organization. I think everybody in there, probably on some level, that's why they wouldn't be brought to this thing if they weren't, are probably broadly aligned to what the organizational strategy is. So then the question is, what's affecting them from enabling that faster. And that's what we're interested in.  
Me: Do you think there's a risk there that this organization is primarily driven by Martin? You still there?  
Them: Yeah, I am. Say again?  
Me: Y. Eah. Do you think there's a risk because this organization is primarily driven by Martin, that some of these sort of democratizing of decision making or sort of strategizing might. Be might create some conflict. Sorry we lost you again.  
Them: In terms of Martin and making the decisions. In terms of whether this democratizing elements will. I think it's strong. I think it's really strong. I think it's part of it is how we frame it. So if we frame it. Do we think that everyone should have an equal say in making decisions across the organization? Then that's going to be problematic. Do we feel everyone has something unique and valuable to bring to this organization. Then people are going to get behind it.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: So I think it's about how we frame it, and I think that's. I think that's really important. And I think. So that's certainly in relation to that sharing and democratizing piece. I just wonder if there's something around those other benefits of signals. One of the things we could do, guys, and again, throwing things out there, we could split them into three groups and say, okay, so we want your reflections on Democratic decision making. And the value of this tool. We want your reflections on the importance of constraints in terms of innovation and clarity. So we could put them into little groups and just give them real quick, kind of. You've got three. On what this is and then ask them to come back and then kind of take that away. That's another way of doing it. Quite. What those little team briefs are is another matter.  
Me: Yeah, sounds good. I think. I think this, you know, that's sort of highlighted something that's also pretty interesting. From my experience, having worked in some organizations where there's a sort of top down approach, is that actually from the top. Some of the best ideas are the ones that come from the people down on the ground. Because they're at the coal phase, and often those ideas don't get filtered up enough. Because either there's some sort of block in between. In between the decision makers and the people that have the ideas. Or the people that have the ideas just don't feel confident enough that their ideas are actually useful and worthwhile.  
Them: Yeah, I couldn't agree with you more, Sunil. In relation to Thatchers in particular. What you've got is this really kind of unique culture. So I went on a factory tour. So this guy, he's worked for Thatcher for 30 years. All he does is take people on tours. He wears a little kind of tabard. I'm your tour guide. And gives people a little hat and explains how side is made. His wife is best friends with Martin Thatcher's wife.  
Me: Right.  
Them: So although you could see that he's kind of bottom of the bottom in terms of hierarchy. Because of this kind of idea of it's a close family business. Then in some respects, Martin is brilliant because, yes, he is making all these decisions, but he's also kind of mates with all these people at different levels. Any values that very strongly within the culture of the organization. This is from what I see.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah.  
Them: So he's not an autocrat in that kind of. That dictator. That would be very much a kind of. For me, my experience of kind of a unilever, that kind of very hierarchical kind of piece.  
Me: Right. Yeah.  
Them: In some respects. Sunil, there's no middleman. It's Martin and then everyone else.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah.  
Them: But that is a challenge for them because, of course, as the organization gets bigger and his daughter comes in, kind of what happens?  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: To that. And so in some respects, Although we can't articulate it as such, because I'm sure there's lots of different kind of views. And they probably tell me one thing about Martin, but probably think very differently about him. But there is something kind of quite interesting about organizational culture and this democratizing kind of proclivity of signals as well.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah, it definitely does. And I think that. I think that that's useful for us to integrate into the structure of the hour.  
Them: Does that make sense?  
Me: It feels like this hour is actually going to be jampacked now.  
Them: Yeah. Probably want to do a little bit of kind of editing. So I can kind of find time tomorrow. Well, I'm going to have to find time tomorrow because we're on the next day, aren't we? So I don't know whether I don't know. I'm conscious that I'm probably confusing life more than helping. Which is what I'm really good at. But if you guys want me to do something, then tell me what to do, and I will do it. If not, then let's talk tomorrow. And if you want to set a time or whatever, I got a plan for you. What is your evening like tonight? Are you available a little later tonight? I am. I haven't got home yet. I need to touch base with home and speak to my wife very kindly and probably eat as well. But then I'm more than happy to rejoin at saying 9, 10 or whatever after the kids go down. Yeah, that'd be perfect. We're in a similar sort of thing. Our goal is to try to get a little something up right now. So we've been cleaning some of the data. We can get in a position so we can probably chuck it in and then kind of, frankly, just see what it spits out. And then off of that back, I think we can have a much more insightful conversation about how we want to tweak it. But effectively, more than anything, we got to make sure that the actual application at least ingests some of the stuff in a reasonable manner and spits out something that's somewhat coherent. And so if we can get to that, then I think we can do. As we said earlier, we want to play back from the original goal, which is we'd love to convey that we've got a tool that helps them democratize insights within an organization to move them at pace. So, and the demo that we'll do is through holidays, and it sounds like we want to tack in maybe a little bit at the end to just understand their organization and some of their challenges better. I think it'd be lovely to get you to help structure maybe some of those conversations if we wanted to have. A little bit of a breakout with that. And then that's what we'll do to kind of dance on our feet a little bit after they come back and say, okay, well, the pub really needs to have a better channel and saying what customer's reaction are to a particular product, and we don't. Have a good way to do that right now. Okay, cool. Then that's a great insight. And that's an interesting knowledge base that we could then integrate in through our product do X, Y and Z. And so I'll be able to dance normally reasonably well in those scenarios, but if we could structure a little bit of something that I think maybe as you're kind of pointing out, makes them feel a little bit refreshed. So they're not talking, being talked at all day or shown a demo all day. And they can kind of contribute something and they can kind of air some of the pieces of frictions or. Places they'd love to accelerate within their own organization. I think that's super helpful. And then it is good insight for us from Signals. And then it's probably a good way to queue up, like, hey, this is really great, guys. We would love to have more conversations with you about this. And if you're interested in playing with his tools, we'd be open to having that conversation later, and that's hopefully a good fun way to kind of end it. So we'll do James part first. We'll do a little bit of a demo that hopefully is somewhat coherent. We might take a few questions from the crowd to manipulate that a little bit, we might do a little bit of a breakout. And then reflect back on what that breakout and then just say we'd love to have further conversations. It's sort of by rough itin. Yeah, and I probably do need about a minute just to explain why the memory writing exercise was in there. Just to make sure that they don't feel as though they've wasted their time. So bung me in the agenda there, but only two minutes. I'll keep it super simple, super brief. Yeah, that makes sense. I'll just include that as part of the demo because when we're explaining what the different knowledge bases are, we can call it out and just go, hey, guys, this is your memorizing piece, so hopefully you'll see some of the. You'll see some of those insights fall. Out, and then we'll be able to declare it in the demo. Yeah. Brilliant. Excellent. Okay, so tonight, what do you want to do? Will you ping me? Yeah. So if you're like, hey, I'm all clear. So once you've kind of add a little bit of a breather and grab some dinner and kids are down to bed in your free ping, me and Sunil and I will be cranking and we'll take a pause on what we're doing cranking. We'll bring you in, show you what we have, and then I think when you see it, and that'll obviously spark some conversations, and we can then tweak it from there. And then we'll spend most of tomorrow really trying to shape it. Brilliant. My kids are 22, 23 and 19. My bad. I'm going to bed before then. Yeah, well, I'm more worried about whose bet they're in. Well, that's good, because kids these days don't do that sort of thing, so I'm glad they're out there enjoying the world. There you go. There you go. As my son says, it's a case of he's going to the beach for the weekend or whatever, and he says, dad, it's he the shag or Shiver. So there you go.  
Me: Great. Good to know. Oh, my God. We've got this coming. All right, thanks, Simon.  
Them: Exactly. All right, brother. Say fine later. 